add docs for podman on windows (#1338)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/podman.md

```sh
DEBUG=1 DOCKER_CMD="podman --storage-opt overlay.ignore_chown_errors=true" DOCKER_SOCK=$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/podman/podman.sock DOCKER_HOST=unix://$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/podman/podman.sock localstack start
```
### Podman on Windows

> You can run Podman on Windows using WSL2. In the guide, we use a Docker Compose setup to run LocalStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Podman on Windows using [WSLv2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about#what-is-wsl-2). In the guide, we use a Docker Compose setup to run LocalStack.
```

Initialize and start Podman:

{{< command >}}
$ podman machine init
$ podman machine start
{{< / command >}}

At this stage, Podman operates in rootless mode, where exposing port 443 on Windows is not possible. To enable this, switch Podman to rootful mode using the following command:

{{< command >}}
podman machine set --rootful
{{< / command >}}

> For the Docker Compose setup, use the following configuration. In rootless mode, exclude the HTTPS gateway port by commenting it out, since it cannot bind to privileged ports under 1024:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Docker Compose setup, use the following configuration. When running in rootless mode, ensure to comment out the HTTPS gateway port, as it is unable to bind to privileged ports below 1024.
```
